[Music]
what happens a lot of drums today is one of
these days that I bring you one of those
videos that will not leave you indifferent and
that will put your heart and
stomach in a fist it is one of these
videos that are a little unpleasant that
give you goosebumps but at the
same time are necessary to give
visibility to this to these types of cases
that continue to happen and I am truly amazed be
amazed that in the world
but sometimes you know that everything exists no
but that there are people as sick as
this that have no limits the people
who are here creating
content are simply there to
create content to entertain you
to inform you and for you to have a good
time but that does not give the right to the
people who are on the other side to
cross certain barriers we have already
talked on other occasions about how
these barriers have been broken and trampled on,
for example it was in my case no in my case I
had a stalker who well we
are still waiting for him to be judged
justice is in these cases the truth is that it
leaves a lot to be desired because these things
should be a little  faster no but I
told you what happened to me
and I didn't tell you just to make
a video and I didn't tell you
to make you feel sorry for me or anything like that
because I don't need to I don't need to make
anyone feel sorry for me but so that people realize
the bad side of the tone
if you run into one of these sick people and
so that other influencers
and other youtubers are aware and
change their chip a little and are a little
more jealous of their privacy so that they don't expose
more than necessary so that they don't expose
family members who didn't imagine what
happened to me one of the things that
I most intended with that video showing
everything that had happened to me was that
apart from hallucinating it is with
what happened to me that you should take
into account how it could have been
much more serious if I had exposed my
children on my networks to my
young children we of the cases that
we talk about not on this channel but on my
secondary channel was the case of the
youtuber angélicas the ex does not go it is not
said pronounced like this forgive me  Angelica and it
was another case that is much more similar to the one we're
going to talk about today okay
impressive and pressured like a guy
okay like a guy it was quite disgusting he became
obsessed with her to the point of saying that he
was super in love he threatened to
do family things to her no to upload
videos
exposing that she had a boyfriend and
exposing her boyfriend's social networks
like trying to ruin her because he said that
her growth was packaged
so that people didn't know that she had a
partner [ __ ] crazy okay [ __ ]
crazy it was really scary I'm going
to talk about what
the Mexican youtuber has been suffering for no more and no less than two years
and Luis Freeze I
don't know how to pronounce this very well okay
but Nekane from now on
Nekane surely many of you will know her
a very popular and well-loved youtuber she
has a very interesting mystery channel
I don't follow all all all
the videos due to lack of time not for anything
else but it's very good yes
we have reacted some my
secondary channel and well Nekane is going through
a very similar situation she is
going through and has gone through fear,
true terror and what I'm going to ask you
with this video is that  let's go support her
no because she feels a little sheltered
like this law stopped making certain
sections in the channel that have to do
personal food for normal blogs
childhood centers and the reason I have
said many times is the harassment people who have
not respected that there are limits in
this life hundredth of genetic amazon
work of remembering to bother my
people colleagues how not to be my
friends my family apply to the door
of my house leave me anonymous notes what I
tell you there are many
that it is not that it becomes with less
or I want to think that it does not become with
bad intentions it is not the case of the type that we are
going to talk about in this video
okay but it is true that there are people
who are not supposed to do it with more
intention but they still cross
barriers that is what I tell you I mean the
people who are here creating content are
not your friends nor are they your family
nor do you have the right to invade your
personal territory I have already experienced firsthand
how my number is leaked and there are people who
take the confidence to call me but to
call me insistently even when what
happened to me  about this stalker there were no
people who had saved
my number okay my mobile number and he
called me to let me know that they had
found my number I made a video
talking about that subject you know very well that I know
that the number was leaked we have done
the impossible to eliminate it from
everywhere so you call me because
really I know that in reality they
call you because they feel like
talking to you face to face but -he said- if you
are excited to talk to a youtube
take advantage of the meet and greets the
live shows not the super char the members
call us on their [ __ ] phone number I
mean I also idolize a lot of
famous people no and if the phone number of
some of them was leaked not actresses singers it
doesn't cross my mind it
's incredible I don't know I think having a
couple of fingers on the forehead even recently there was
a chick who started calling me she
got mad they insisted on your mind she started
calling me because you're she started
being called on whatsapp I blocked her on
whatsapp and seeing that I blocked her as a joke
the chick called my cell phone it was like
twelve  or one in the morning okay and the chick
calling me on my cell phone insistently what I
did was hang up to record the
call no while I was showering I
left her there talking to herself and the chick
saying oh I feel like an idiot I
just want to talk to you to warn you
and to teach you how to block numbers and I don't know
what I don't know how much and how dude if you've
blocked and I've [ __ ] blocked you on
WhatsApp it means that I've already
heard a message not that I
understood what you want to do but that I
'm blocking you leave me the [ __ ]
peace you don't understand limits
barriers and it's like don't call anyone you do
n't know their exact phone number
in the last two years all those
shitty attitudes are and shooting
especially with a person whose
name surname and address are in the
hands of lawyers later in this
video I'm going to explain how because the
truth is that it is worthy of a movie how they
found out the full name and
address
hunter Eneko okay you're going to freak out
at the end of the video but it
has to do with perdition he has pretended to be
me  on the internet I have made a lot of money with my
photos they have done things in all things they have
said they are going to kidnap and kill
I have screenshots of everything it is a trap and
money with my shipment screenshots of
five audios or videos five photos if not
proof of everything that is tradition and
new evidence if justice the
stones are going to have your name last name
address I repeat has who has to
have them go hallucinate with all of them there
or was not a lawyer or judge or jurist
I repeated it a million times but these have been
put in the hands of several lawyers
okay both in Spain and in Mexico that
in the city where the guy can get
close Leo he could get
very close you see when you are
already of that type of actions what purpose do you
think you are going to achieve is one of the
things that I was asking myself when my thing
happened to me not when the guy called called called called
at all
hours of the day and it was like your purpose or
rather after calling all day
and sending audio he has threatened to
rape my family your purpose
perhaps it is that the
moment in which justice is going to come to you I
don't know he asked not to  the best thing is
your goal is to spend a few nights
I have no [ __ ] idea what
a person can have in mind to
reach
these things that make no sense these
two years and a weight will take almost a
[ __ ] nightmare and now finally to
breathe calmly a little not much but
I can breathe calmly and put a face to
at least one of the people who even went
beyond the limits in a totally repugnant way
and nobody would know it is because
something is being spread on twitter
about this man I don't know
spreading it but on the internet it is for the
publication that is making
references to this one that we found
on twitter today okay a lot of people are
retweeting it here is
this lady's twitter in case you want to support maximum
diffusion the man in the video has been
harassing nekane for two years pretending to be
her asking for money with her photos
saying that he is going to kidnap her his
name is not because he
deserves it but because it must be fulfilled the
youtube rule okay he lives in mexico no
to harassment on networks listen to this
person we can pay attention but this
loneliness or the water
that the very  intensely that I can't stand it
anymore one more day
and free
my name is alive here in the
domestic appointment they brought us from memory
because that's what I want to be clear I
ask myself when I see this in this person
really believes it is not trying to
understand a mind that has no
understanding but this person believes that
with this this is a video that is sent
directly through a whatsapp
okay now I'll explain gay why are you
saying that because I begged it is
and after everything that has been done
during these two years that person is going to
contact you to be with you
obviously they are people who also no no if no would not
do what we are
talking about here the problem is that
justice has to act but as soon as
possible because they are a danger this person
one of the methods of harassment that has been
used in this Instagram account
okay very rare has made other types of
publications at other times such as
this one that was public this morning
but now it is being deleted
no and says in this world there are only two
places for women the kitchen and the
bed I don't know I understand that maybe it will be
some kind of joke or something and now
what we find on his profile
every every hour or so not a
publication every hour every two hours we
find ourselves like very strange love phrases
okay this is like the lyrics of
a romantic song some flowers poems I
don't understand I don't understand the purpose of
this person with these publications in
this very strange account this is one of the
most serious things that has been done and which
I believe may be one of the
worst crimes that I have committed a
facebook page I understand that it will serve as a
community for non-Spaniards in London
looking for a house, job, and information and they
echo these messages that have been
received through this account that
this account is of this type okay or
can you help me I am of
Italian nationality but I am in Mexico and I do not have
any money can you help me my boyfriend
is Mexican he works quite hard to
support me but the money is not enough for us I do
not want to be a burden to you
but if you can help me I will be
grateful for the rest of my life I only need
three thousand to pay the rent house food
and clothes I sincerely ask you if you give me those
three thousand euros because I
cannot pay alone for this simple reason
that we do not have any money and my
boyfriend and I have many debts thank you very much he starts to start
asking for money pretending to be
impersonate her in an account
in which he impersonates her
asking for a gift of three thousand euros
so easy it's not there I don't know if it's in the
same account okay I don't know if it's in the same
Facebook account another one okay but it
's also full of photos of her this
is a message that he
sent to Nekane's mother through Instagram I have
been in love with Nekane for
more than five years I did this to attract
her attention from her to me but I'm not
a psychopath I suffer from depression and
anxiety I'm sorry if I behave like this it's
because I don't have money to buy my
antidepressants I am a quite
obsessive man and addicted to stalking women but
I am changing forgive me I will not
do it again I endure my depression
loneliness like a man this message was
sent to Nekane's mother no after
arguing with her in this
comment that was today in a
photo of a large list Nekane hello beautiful
I am the handsome man who always
pretends to be you damn don't remember
me it's me Manolo the one who always
impersonates you [ __ ]  give me a
hug I love you beautiful you know it precious I do
n't know why I don't know why you don't want to
talk to us
because I don't want to talk to them I don't
understand why this girl doesn't want to
talk to this man if he is a true
gentleman damn Nekane I know that you
love me but talk to me privately my love
I am a handsome and strong man I look
a lot like Silver you are 33 and that
seems like a lot to you Sylvester Stallone and
soon you're going to appear Sylvester
Stallone but as an escape plan I know
that if you just heard me sing you're
going to fall in love with me I am an Italian
German version of Rod Stewart
imagine I am Sylvester Stallone and Rod
Stewart multiplied by a million
times I am God reincarnated here on
Earth [ __ ] [ __ ] this person is
awful
I think it's a very nice way to
ask someone to get out and not much
this is a message that he sent to
someone okay through the
Facebook account in which he impersonates his
identity for some reason that
I don't know to show his love he
puts  to send pictures of her to people and
says I'm going to kidnap Nekane
so she can marry me and if she doesn't want
I'll kill her well as I promised
before I was going to apply a couple of things to you I have
already mentioned that
of the videos that you have seen not the
extracts of the messages the audios and
so on have been through WhatsApp
and I have also told you that
the name and address of this
person has been obtained ok I am going to explain how it
turns out that Nekane when she goes on
vacation well she goes on trips
on several occasions no well she has had to
leave her pet like
many of us do no when I go on trips I
leave the dog in a daycare with a
caretaker this man turns out to have
identified the caretaker and of course since
the caretaker has ads okay where she
offers her services this man has
started writing on WhatsApp to that
girl the caretaker of
Nekane's pets another level
goodbye [ __ ] I'm going to commit suicide you are not seeing the photo
because I have to
censor it to comply on YouTube not
so that they don't put more [ __ ] [ __ ] on me
but it is a photo of a knife  and the
floor is full of blood what they do with
the guy is basically deceive him it's worth
playing along with him a little and making him
think that nekane is going to send him a
gift so that he gives her address
so they can report him to the law.
Thank you very much. Can you help me make nekane fall in love with him? He
sent a photo of nekane to the
caretaker. I don't know what this guy has,
sending photos, but it's a bit shady.
This guy has his phone full of photos
of Cannes
and not with the whole room papered
with photos of nekane too. If I show
them to everyone, I'm a viper
with mental powers that I can get
anything and whatever I want. I love
nekane, she's going to be mine and if nekane
rejects me, I'm going to commit suicide. The caretaker tells him, "I do
n't know you at all." He says, "I'm
not interested, I just want to
contact nekane." Oh my god, I
'm not the man in love with nekane.
Tell nekane if you want to be my girlfriend.
This is my fake profile to
impersonate nekane and be cool.
Tell nekane if you want to be  my girlfriend let's
see if they're going to make a mistake in the mail or
something and you lose Nekane's gift it would be
a shame if it didn't arrive correctly they ask for the
name and he tells her his name Nekane
rejects me I'm going to commit suicide you don't
interest me I only want to contact
Nekane tell Nekane that I love her it's
completely crazy I'm sure it will be
completely surprising no but it's not
simply an isolated case okay there are
many people like that on the internet and I have
repeated it on many occasions that the
internet is a window to the world you don't
know where you are but you don't know
who is on the other side I mean it's the [ __ ]
internet the internet is immense I
mean the internet is everything
anyone in the world can
access the internet or almost any
person in the world there could be a
person in Paraguay in Nicaragua
where in the 'Bermuda Triangle' a
pedophile a rapist a kidnapper a
mafia I mean anyone could be
behind the networks this girl has been
truly scared for two years because
on some occasions followers have
followed her on the street okay maybe to
ask for a photo or to see where she
lives even  and she's been scared
because imagine if this is happening to you
at the same time that follower maybe
just wants to ask you for a photo
but doesn't know what you're really
going through in private because the girl has
been sheltered nothing is worth it so nothing
send her a lot of support she can count
on me for whatever she wants and on my
kids I also trust that you're
going to give her a lot of love through
social media report
this man's accounts if you
find them out there too of
course this has to stop with these
sick people like this justice has to
act as soon as possible okay there has to be
something to speed this up because this is
completely mind-blowing okay put them
in the request of anyone
going through this situation okay I've
taken a summary of some of the
things but this is constant day after
day for
two years day in and day out messages
on social media comments and they
close one account another one opens an
illness that's it for today's video
guys I hope what I've told you okay
that you give a lot of love to this family
these people and that we'll see each other in the
next video